Privacy Policy

1. General

Your privacy is important to us. It is GigLab’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you through our app, BoostRocket.

This policy is used to inform our users regarding the policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.

If you use our service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

GigLab operates this application in accordance with the provisions of the European General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”) and all other provisions with relevance in the area of data protection law.

2. Contact us

The data controller of your personal data is GigLab, Lubelska 13b, 35-205 Rzeszów, Poland.

If you have any questions about how we collect, store and use your personal information or would like a copy of the information we hold about you, then please contact our Data Protection Officer. You can either write at the above address or e-mail to: giglabsupport@gmail.com. 

3. Cookies

Cookies are small text files which are stored locally in your browser‘s cache memory, in order to be able to recognise it. GigLab uses different types of cookies, and we provide further information on these cookies here. In general, we use cookies that are necessary for the operation of the app and you cannot opt out of the use of these cookies. In addition, we use cookies that enhance the functionality and use of the application (as further described in section 4), such as to make use of the app easier for users, and in order to be able to design it in a more customized manner. You can choose your individual settings in section Information on Analysis Tools, or configure your browser so that it informs you when cookies are stored, or to prevent the storage of cookies. Further information in this context can additionally be found in the help function of your browser. However, we would like to expressly make you aware of the fact that some parts of this website may possibly no longer function faultlessly without cookies. 

4. Processing of personal data and other data

4.1 Types of Data collected

Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: Cookies, Usage Data, unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example), Storage permission and geographic position.

Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.

Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this Application.

Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by this Application is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services. In cases where this Application specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.

Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.

Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools – by this Application or by the owners of third-party services used by this Application serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy, if available.

Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this Application and confirm that they have the third party's consent to provide the Data to the Owner.

4.2 Mode and place of processing the Data

4.2.1 Methods of processing

The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.

The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of this Application (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Legal basis of processing

The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:

Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes. Note: Under some legislations the Owner may be allowed to process Personal Data until the User objects to such processing (“opt-out”), without having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal bases. This, however, does not apply, whenever the processing of Personal Data is subject to European data protection law;
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.

4.2.2 Place
The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.

Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis of Data transfers to a country outside the European Union or to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.

If any such transfer takes place, Users can find out more by checking the relevant sections of this document or inquire with the Owner using the information provided in the contact section.

4.2.3 Retention time
Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for.

Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.

Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.

Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.

4.2.4 The purposes of processing

The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Services, as well as for the following purposes: Advertising, Device permissions for Personal Data access and Infrastructure monitoring.
Users can find further detailed information about such purposes of processing and about the specific Personal Data used for each purpose in the respective sections of this document.

4.3 Device permissions for Personal Data access

Depending on the User's specific device, this Application may request certain permissions that allow it to access the User's device Data as described below.

By default, these permissions must be granted by the User before the respective information can be accessed. Once the permission has been given, it can be revoked by the User at any time. In order to revoke these permissions, Users may refer to the device settings or contact the Owner for support at the contact details provided in the present document.
The exact procedure for controlling app permissions may be dependent on the User's device and software.

Please note that the revoking of such permissions might impact the proper functioning of this Application.

If User grants any of the permissions listed below, the respective Personal Data may be processed (i.e accessed to, modified or removed) by this Application.

4.3.1 Storage permission

Used for accessing shared external storage, including the reading and adding of any items.

Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:

4.4 Advertising:

This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on this Application, possibly based on User interests.
This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below.

Some of the services listed below may use Cookies to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, including those detected outside this Application. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.

In addition to any opt-out offered by any of the services below, the User may opt out of a third-party service's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.

4.4.1 Facebook Audience Network (Facebook, Inc.)

Facebook Audience Network is an advertising service provided by Facebook, Inc. In order to understand Facebook's use of Data, consult Facebook's data policy. This Application may use identifiers for mobile devices (including Android Advertising ID or Advertising Identifier for iOS, respectively) and technologies similar to cookies to run the Facebook Audience Network service. One of the ways Audience Network shows ads is by using the User's ad preferences. The User can control this in the Facebook ad settings. Users may opt-out of certain Audience Network targeting through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or by following the instructions in other Audience Network related sections of this privacy policy, if available.

Personal Data collected: Cookies, unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example) and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/

4.5 Device permissions for Personal Data access:

This Application requests certain permissions from Users that allow it to access the User's device Data as described below.

Device permissions for Personal Data access (this Application)
This Application requests certain permissions from Users that allow it to access the User's device Data as summarized here and described within this document.

Personal Data collected: 

The application collects information about your currently running processes and your usage patterns of other apps, which is required for the function of this application.

This information about your device will be not used from us and will be not shared with any third party.

5. The rights of Users

Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.

In particular, Users have the right to do the following:

Withdraw their consent at any time. Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.

Object to processing of their Data. Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent. Further details are provided in the dedicated section below.

Access their Data. Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.

Verify and seek rectification. Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.

Restrict the processing of their Data. Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed. Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.

Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller. Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance. This provision is applicable provided that the Data is processed by automated means and that the processing is based on the User's consent, on a contract which the User is part of or on pre-contractual obligations thereof.

Lodge a complaint. Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.

5.1 Details about the right to object to processing

Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.

Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time without providing any justification. To learn, whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights

Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the contact details provided in this document. These requests can be exercised free of charge and will be addressed by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month.

Additional information about Data collection and processing

5.2 Legal action

The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related Services.

The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.

Latest update: February 06, 2020
